Author: Doug Jacobsen
Date: 02/12/13

Usage: make_partition_files.py [options]

Options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -f FILE, --file=FILE  Path to grid file
  -m METIS, --metis=METIS
                        Path or name of metis executable
  -p PROCS, --procs=PROCS
                        Number of processors for decomposition
  -b BLOCKS, --blocks=BLOCKS
                        Number of blocks for decomposition
  -w VAR, --weights=VAR
                        Field to weight block partition file on.

About:
	This script is used to create weighted and unweighted hirearchical 
	decompositions for use with multiple blocks per MPI process in any MPAS core.
	
	As input, it takes a grid.nc file, the number of blocks to decompose, the
	number of processor to decompose, and the path to the metis executable or the
	name of the metis executable if it's in your path.
	
	Optionally, it takes the name of the variable in grid.nc that should be
	used to weight the block decomposition file with.

	After running the script, several files are generated which are described below:
		graph.info - Single processor graph decomposition file.
		(optional) weighted.graph.info - graph.info file used for creating weighted partition files.
		(weighted.)graph.info.part.BLOCKS - partition file that is weighted or unweighted and has BLOCKS number of partitions.
		block.graph.info - graph file of blocks. Equivalent to "blocksOnBlock"
		block.graph.info.part.PROCS - partition file that has PROCS number of partitions.

	These can be used in MPAS as the block decomposition file
	(graph.info.part.BLOCKS) and the proc decomposition file
	(block.graph.info.part.PROCS) to control the topology of blocks on MPI tasks.

	Additional graph.info.part files can be created by running the script
	multiple times, or my running metis on the graph.info file.

	Additional block.graph.info.part files can be created through the same
	process, but they can only be used in tandem with the corresponding
	graph.info.part.BLOCKS file.

